---
layout: post
title: wasted
---

"When I was younger, so much younger than today. I never needed anybody's help in any way. 

But now these days are gone, I'm not so self-assured.

...

and now my life has changed in so many ways,

my independence seems to vanish in the haze."

---

The weather has been good. Warm but not too hot, with a bit of wind here and there, it was just a mediocre normal fine-weathered day. 

A mediocre normal fine-mooded young man walking along with his mediocre normal fine-flavored life.

counting the seconds passing by,

cause things do not seem so right

things he sees are different from other eyes

he was wrong and they were right

outdated theory and outdated mind

that is all he will have

that was not me. me have the updated theory and an outstanding mind. me beat the time and me see things right. me sleeps along the stars and me often shine. me came, me saw, and me get out of it. 

---

"It's the good life full of fun, seems to be the ideal"

---

The weather has been good. Warm but not too hot, with a bit of wind here and there, it was just a mediocre normal fine-weathered day. 

A mediocre normal fine-mooded young man walking along with his mediocre normal fine-flavored life.

counting the seconds passing by,

cause things do not seem so right

things you see are different from other eyes

you are wrong and they were right

outdated theory and outdated mind

that is all you will have

that was not him. him have the updated theory and an outstanding mind. him beat the time and him see things right. him sleeps along the stars and him often shine. him came, him saw, and him get out of it. 

---

"I've lived a life that's full, I've traveled each and every highway, and more much more than this, I did it my way"

"Regrets ive had a few
but then again too few to mention.
I did what I had to do and saw it through without exemption"

---

writing without logic is fun but reading it is hard. so the logic here is that shit happens and it happens to everyone. people just try to lie to themselves that shit did not happen and it is a bad way to compensate sadness. it is a bad way to fail life. 

A good way to fail life is to do it for something bigger than life, 

and that thing that is bigger than life is glorious

it is something that is special

it is beautiful

it is literally a basket of chicken tendies.

well, second thought, nuggets are just as good.

## now I just wasted your time and don't fucking blame that on me.